jenkins: Add splunk plugins (#832)
coreos/fedora-coreos-pipeline: HACKING.md

The description can be customized. All other fields must be
exactly as is.

### [OPTIONAL] Create splunk secret

> 

Reviewer: For consistency with the other sections, can we add some context here? At least let's mention that the secret is located in BitWarden.

Reviewer 2: It would also be nice to show an example of what that secret looks like (without any secret data in the example, of course).

The description can be customized. All other fields must be
exactly as is.

### [OPTIONAL] Create splunk secret

> The Splunk secret is actually a configuration stored in Bitwarden as
> secret, it is optional and must be used for the internal clusters
> when necessary, here you can see an example of the secret:

Reviewer 2: Optional wording suggestions:

```suggestion
The Splunk secret is actually a configuration stored in Bitwarden as
secret. It is optional and must be used for the internal RHCOS cluster.
Here you can see an example of the secret:
```

```
unclassified:
  splunkJenkinsInstallation:
    enabled: true
    globalPipelineFilter: true
    host: ***
    port: 8088
    splunkAppUrl: ***
    token: ***
    useSSL: true
```
To create it use:
```
oc create secret generic splunk-casc-cfg \

>     --from-file=splunk.yaml \
>     --from-file=splunk.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --from-file=splunk.yaml
```

Reviewer 2: This still needs to be addressed.. `--from-file` is specified twice.

>     --from-file=splunk.yaml

Reviewer: This looks off. I don't think we want the `--from-literal` switch? The `--from-file` switch should do what we want (create a key named `splunk.yaml` with the contents of the file).
